And this video,
we'll cover JUnit custom display names.
Now currently the method names
are listed in the test results.
That's good for Java developers,
but we'd like to maybe give custom display names,
provide a more descriptive name for the test.
We can include spaces, special characters.
So in this example here,
Test for Equalities to support JIRA issue number 123,
and we'd also like more descriptive names
if we're going to share test reports with project managers,
non-techies and so on.
Non-techies may not understand all these method names,
but they'll understand like a normal plain text description.
So that's kind of the use case here
for custom display names.
Now, let's take a look at the annotation.
So we have display name.
We can give a custom display name
that has spaces, special characters and emojis.
Like I mentioned earlier, useful for test reports and IDE
and also external test runner,
and also for sharing reports with project management
and non-techies.
Looking at a code example, so on our DemoUtilsTest,
we can import this annotation here, display name
and then we can apply it to a given method,
so display name and we give the descriptive name,
null and not null.
You can give any name that you want here,
any string that you want for the actual display name.
We could do a similar thing here
for our testEqualsAndNotEquals.
Now, when we run it, then we'll see the output here.
Those are actual display names
as opposed to the actual method names.
And that code example works fine,
but you're probably thinking,
"I don't want to have to manually define each display name.
I wish JUnit could simply just generate a name for me."
And you're right on track here.
JUnit can generate display names for you using generators.
So one of the generators is called Simple.
It simply removes the trailing parentheses
from the test method name.
There's also ReplaceUnderscores.
So if a method name has underscores in it,
it'll simply replace those underscores with spaces
and then there's also IndicativeSentences.
So it'll basically generate a sentence
based on the test class name and the test method name
and we'll see examples of all of these generators
here in this video.
Now, when we use generators,
there's no need to use the at display name annotation
for every method.
Instead, you can simply remove the annotations
from the method and simply give one main annotation
at the class level.
So in this example, we'll perform some imports
on DisplayNameGeneration
and also DisplayNameGenerator,
and at the class level we make use
of the DisplayNameGeneration annotation
and then we give DisplayNameGenerator.simple.class.
So we're telling it, hey, generate display names for me
using the simple approach
and with the simple generator,
it simply removes the trailing parenthesis
from the test method name.
But the nice thing here,
is that there's no need to manually write
the at display name annotation for each individual method.
It'll generate the display names for you.
And so now when we run this unit test,
then we'll see the actual display name.
So testNullAndNotNull, simply the method name
without parens and then testEqualsAndNotEqual,
again, method name without the parens.
Very simple, very straightforward.
Now, if our method names have underscores,
then we can make use of the Replace Underscores generator.
It'll replace the underscores with spaces.
So here's our test_Equals_And_Not__Equals again.
Note the method name, it uses underscores
and a similar thing here for test_Null_And_Not_Null.
When we run this test,
then we'll see how this maps out accordingly.
So it takes the underscores
and it replaces them with spaces.
Another approach is using
the Indicative Sentences generator.
So it'll generate a sentence based on the test class name
and the test method name.
So here we have testNullAndNotNull
and then also testEqualsAndNotEquals.
When we run this test, then we'll have the output here,
DemoUtils, testNullAndNotNull.
The format here is basically the test class name
and the method name.
All righty, so this looks really good.
Let's go ahead and move into the next video
and let's write some code.